feat: add-inv-function (#663)
vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: docs/documentation/functions/aria-suite/aria-operations-networks/Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials.md

# Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials

## Synopsis

> Update a configured vCenter Server data source's credentials in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7344af3d25523db031599dbdd47c90a7d78ba0d9

## Syntax

```powershell

> Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials [-id] <String> [-collectorId] <String> [[-fqdn] <String>]
>  [-nickname] <String> [-username] <String> [-password] <String> [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials [-id] <String> [-collectorId] <String> [[-fqdn] <String>] [-nickname] <String> [-username] <String> [-password] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7344af3d25523db031599dbdd47c90a7d78ba0d9

```

## Description

The `Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials` cmdlet allows a user to update a previously configured vCenter Servers credentials in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

## Examples

### Example 1

```powershell

> Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1!  -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"

```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7344af3d25523db031599dbdd47c90a7d78ba0d9

```

> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated values as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated credentials as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example updates the credentials for vCenter Server data source in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7344af3d25523db031599dbdd47c90a7d78ba0d9

# Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials

## Synopsis

Update credentials for a vCenter Server data source credentials in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

> ## Syntax

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7229fe225c563ec7552b29fae42e0030b7454640

Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials [-id] <String> [-collectorId] <String> [[-fqdn] <String>] [-nickname] <String> [-username] <String> [-password] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
 [-nickname] <String> [-username] <String> [-password] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

> ## Description
> The `Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials` cmdlet allows a user to update credentials for a vCenter Server data source in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.
> 
> The `Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials` cmdlet allows a user to update a previously configured vCenter Servers credentials in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Description

The `Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials` cmdlet allows a user to update credentials for a vCenter Server data source in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7229fe225c563ec7552b29fae42e0030b7454640

## Examples

### Example 1

> Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"
> 
> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated credentials as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"

```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7229fe225c563ec7552b29fae42e0030b7454640

> ### Example 1
> 
> Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"
> 
> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated credentials as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.
> 
> ```
> 
> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated values as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 1

Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"
```

This example updates the credentials for vCenter Server data source in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

> ### Example 1
> 
> Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"
> 
> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated credentials as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.
> 
> ```
> 
> This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated values as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 1

Update-AriaNetworksvCenterDataSourceCredentials -id 15832:902:2623605245375371420 -CollectorId 15832:901:1711011916294613031 -fqdn sfo-m01-vc01.sfo.rainpole.io -username svc-inv-vsphere -password VMw@re1! -nickname "sfo-m01-vc01 - Management Domain vCenter Server"

This example updates a configured vCenter Server with updated credentials as supplied in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

This example updates the credentials for vCenter Server data source in VMware Aria Operations for Networks.

```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/commit/7229fe225c563ec7552b29fae42e0030b7454640
